docs: Clarify that `event_commitment` and `transaction_commitment` have separate trees. (#902)
starknet-io/starknet-docs: components/Starknet/modules/architecture_and_concepts/pages/Network_Architecture/header.adoc

| `extra data` | `FieldElement` | Extraneous data that might be useful for running transactions |
|===

Where:

[horizontal,labelwidth='20']

> `event_commitment`:: is the root of a height 64 binary Merkle Patricia tree. The leaf at index stem:[$i$] corresponds to the hash of the stem:[$i'th$] event.

Author: ```suggestion
`event_commitment`:: is the root of a 64-bit high binary Merkle Patricia tree. The leaf at index stem:[$i$] corresponds to the hash of the stem:[$i'th$] event.
```

> `transaction_commitment`:: is the root of a height 64 binary Merkle Patricia tree. The leaf at index stem:[$i$] corresponds to stem:[$h(transaction \ hash, signature)$] if the stem:[$i'th$] transaction is an `invoke` transaction and stem:[$h(0,0)$] otherwise.

Author: ```suggestion
`transaction_commitment`:: is the root of a 64-bit high binary Merkle Patricia tree. The leaf at index stem:[$i$] corresponds to stem:[$h(transaction \ hash, signature)$] if the stem:[$i'th$] transaction is an `invoke` transaction and stem:[$h(0,0)$] otherwise.
```

| `extra data` | `FieldElement` | Extraneous data that might be useful for running transactions |
|===

Where:

> Each of the commitment fields `event_commitment` and `transaction_commitment` are each the roots of a height 64 binary Merkle Patricia tree

Author: ```suggestion
```

| `extra data` | `FieldElement` | Extraneous data that might be useful for running transactions |
|===

Where:

[horizontal,labelwidth='30']
`event_commitment`:: is the root of a 64-bit high binary Merkle Patricia tree. The leaf at index stem:[$i$] corresponds to the hash of the stem:[$i'th$] event.
`transaction_commitment`:: is the root of a 64-bit high binary Merkle Patricia tree. The leaf at index stem:[$i$] corresponds to stem:[$${h(transaction \space hash, signature)}$$] if the stem:[$i'th$] transaction is an `invoke` transaction and stem:[$h(0,0)$] otherwise.

[#block_hash]
== Block hash

A block hash is defined as the Pedersen hash of the header's fields, as follows:

> [source,cairo,subs="quotes"]

Author: ```suggestion
[,,subs="quotes"]
```
